here he comes
fathers and do a sandstorm midget that's
my way oh no I'd bottom clean out oh
yeah
something awful smart yes no um no for
greater super a thought happened before
yeah tough country I'll get from my
dad's Dakota but ok that vision but 5
hoff is on the front one without gear
jammer
this is being funny huh
yeah you get all speed up first you need
to get all speed up first and come up
over to the right here but my right your
left so for three and a half minutes an
attempt to do is write he'll finally get
it oh you often go out off the others
and straight drop you go get down watch
out he's insane
yeah just stick yourself in a hole you
ain't going nowhere yeah yeah come up
the left side don't fall into the hole
right at me said left side a set left
side you don't want to go that way maybe
you'll actually make it he gives me crap
we're not doing something wrong this is
why I don't rush you trying to take it
easy on the truck today this is gonna be
very popular video on YouTube this is a
is he's going all your number tonight
yeah look who's talking now yeah I can't
make is that almost bald procomp son oh
yeah i'm usually my whole after this
idiot yeah you have to pull the whole
thing back in oh yeah still gross shovel
dig up the dirt up down there and go
right back you good people on dirt
biking quarter's watching this plus
are you doing it's gonna break something
yeah I enough you're gonna blow up is dr
jeffrey hits a rocker
I wouldn't be surprised if you're
something clanging the back in there I'm
getting plenty of shocks
I think we just got here something you
think no Rob go get some speed up come
straight at us whoa whoa whoa that's not
good call my young he's either stupid or
a moron or both what do you say Oh God
here hammer he's still gonna try though
come on Rob it's a Jeep it's a jeep can
go anywhere
what do you find us y'all someone blew
it hub off here dad I really don't think
you're making it
Oh